Why would you do that?
I wanted to pay the waiter to knock you out
Sell it to an investor friend of mine
You were lucky to send it to the wrong room
Met Xiao Jichen
In that case
Then why did you stay with me for three years?
Of course, to take advantage of
You're not really stupid enough to believe that.
I will like you
Poor and ugly woman
You're not really that stupid.
I believe I will like you
Poor and ugly woman
So you never liked me
You are with me for the money
You're finally awake.
Now listen.
I don't have to endure nausea to act with you anymore
Take out the money, you dream
Since you don't listen
Then you will often be laughed at
Luyo
Now your innocence is not guaranteed
Never turn over
You will be punished
Retribution hahaha
pity
You are a stinky girl without parents and no one wants you
Dare to tell me to repay Chen Yuan